The last living thing on Earth was
a magician who lost his magic!
Bluie tried different tricks but
with no luck- his life was tragic.
He thought of olden days when
the Earth was cool and blue,
It shrank and all living things
vanished without a clue.
I need to go too but how, and where to?...
thought Bluie.
Without magic, he
felt hot and gooey.
Lonely Bluie craved
to go for a swim...
As days went by- a time
traveler scientist spotted him!
Bluie was surprised to
see someone suddenly!
Moli the scientist was
really nice and friendly.
Both were happy to find a new
friend from past and present,
They made plans to stay
together till the end.
Moli took Bluie in her faster than
the speed of light- time machine,
They time traveled to the past
when the Earth was big and green!
Life in the olden times
looked really nice and cool,
Bluie wished to quickly
jump into the pool!
The lush green Earth had
valleys of colourful flowers,
Full of many living things,
enjoying life for hours.
Bluie ran with joy to say
hello to the past world,
Where there was still hope
and plenty of colours!
Moli told everyone that
Bluie came from the future,
At the time when planet Earth
turned red without nurture.
Bluie celebrated the beauty
of the past time gone,
He made new friends
and was not alone!